During a pandemic, most of the companies ask employees to work from home. 
One of the problems that employees face when working from home is that its not that easy to communicate with their colleages, mentors whenever they face any small problems 
or errors in their codes. While in the office, it is very easy to approach others to show them the problem/error that is happening in our code/task. But when working remotely,
its not that easy to just carry our laptops to their desks, we have to organize online meetings to discuss, or call them, without knowing if they are busy or not.

We plan to design a software that would aid employees in interacting and asking their queries. Each employee, can make different types of queries, they can be when a new
task is to be assigned to his/her subordinate, or he wants clarify a problem with his mentor, or he wants to have an immediate web-conference with one or more of his colleages.
Whenever, an employee has a problem, he needs to record his screen and voice to ask his mentor and he can send it to him with a tagline to give context, now his mentor will recieve a notification 
of type "query from subordinate".
Similarly, an employer can also ask his subordinates to do a sub-task by describing the problem by sending screen recording with voice, and the employees would get a different type of notification for that.
If an employee wants to have a video conference immediately, then its notification would directly pop-up to the reciever(s) to accept the call.
For the queries or task assignments sent as video messages, one can reply to them in text, another video message or video conference call.

Now, each employee will have a focus assist mode, in which he can select which kind of notifications will pop-up. For eg, he can turn off queries from colleages/subordinates
for some time when working on an important task or attending a meeting.

We can add more features in the application, like an employee can turn on a notification that would remind him/her to stay hydrated after a particular amount of time.
